Wrong Orbit=Wrong velocity for this orbit!
Right Orbit=Correct velocity for this orbit!
Start=Start
OK=OK
exit=Exit
Scan the pages of the book=Scan the pages of the book
Floating and sinking=SCENARIO 1: FLOATING AND SINKING
(Scene A) Objects that float or sink=Objects that float or sink
(Scene B) The shape of the objects=The shape of the objects
Can you help Yiannis? What kind of objects do you think that float? Make a hypothesis.” Select one from the following:=Can you help Yiannis? What kind of objects do you think that float? Make a hypothesis. Select one from the following:
a. All big and heavy objects float=a. All big and heavy objects float
b. All small and light objects float=b. All small and light objects float
c. All objects made of metal float=c. All objects made of metal float
d. All objects made of wood float=d. All objects made of wood float
e. All objects made of glass float=e. All objects made of glass float
“Fine! Now, you can make an experiment to test your hypothesis. Put the three big and   heavy objects on the sea to test your hypothesis”.=Fine! Now, you can make an experiment to test your hypothesis. Put the three big and heavy objects on the sea to test your hypothesis.
“This is a small and light object. Try all the big and heavy objects”=This is a small and light object. Try all the big and heavy objects
Your   experiment showed that only some big and heavy objects float while others sink.   Your hypothesis was not proved. Try another hypothesis.”=Your experiment showed that only some big and heavy objects float while others sink. Your hypothesis was not proved. Try another hypothesis.
try another hypothesis=Try another hypothesis
Scenario 2=Scenario 2
English=English
Rotation button=Rotation button
calendar=calendar
January=January
February=February
March=March
April=April
May=May
June=June
July=July
August=August
September=September
October=October
November=November
December=December
Return=Return
Continue=Continue
Day/Night Cycle=SCENARIO 2: THE DAY/NIGHT CYCLE 
(Scene A) Earth – Sun relative size=Earth – Sun relative size
(Scene B) Sun - Earth distance – Phenomenal Sun’s size explained=Sun - Earth distance – Phenomenal Sun’s size explained
(Scene C) Earth’s revolution around the Sun=Earth’s revolution around the Sun
(Scene D) Earth’s rotation around itself=Earth’s rotation around itself
(Scene E) Day/night explanation=Day/night explanation
The Sun looks like a ball of fire on the sky but   how big is the Sun? Which of the following is true?=The Sun looks like a ball of fire on the sky but how big is the Sun? Which of the following is true?
a.The Sun is a little bigger than the Earth=a.The Sun is a little bigger than the Earth
b. The Sun is much bigger than the Earth=b. The Sun is much bigger than the Earth
c. The Earth is a little bigger than the Sun=c. The Earth is a little bigger than the Sun
d. The Earth is much bigger than the Sun=d. The Earth is much bigger than the Sun
You are right!=You are right!
The Sun’s diameter is about 100 times bigger than   the Earth’s diameter. This means that a million Earths put together make the size of the Sun.=The Sun’s diameter is about 100 times bigger than the Earth’s diameter. This means that a million Earths put together make the size of the Sun.
RETURN (SCENES MENU)=RETURN
You're wrong=You're wrong
Often things are not the way they look. In reality the Sun’s diameter is about 100 times bigger than the Earth’s diameter. This means that a million Earths put together make the size of the Sun.=Often things are not the way they look. In reality the Sun’s diameter is about 100 times bigger than the Earth’s diameter. This means that a million Earths put together make the size of the Sun.
The truth is that    The Sun’s diameter is about 100 times bigger than the Earth’s diameter. his means that a million Earths put together make the size of the Sun.=The truth is that The Sun’s diameter is about 100 times bigger than the Earth’s diameter. his means that a million Earths put together make the size of the Sun.
Do you know how far away from us the Sun is? Which   of the following is true?=Do you know how far away from us the Sun is? Which of the following is true?
a. The Sun is a little further from the Earth than the clouds=a. The Sun is a little further from the Earth than the clouds
b. The Sun is about the same distance from the Earth as the moon=b. The Sun is about the same distance from the Earth as the moon
c. The Sun is further away from the Earth than the clouds and the moon=c. The Sun is further away from the Earth than the clouds and the moon
The Sun is about 150 million km away from the Earth. That is why such a huge object looks like a ball in the sky.=The Sun is about 150 million km away from the Earth. That is why such a huge object looks like a ball in the sky.
Often things are not the way they look. The truth is that the   Sun is much further away from the Earth than the clouds or even the moon. The Sun is about 150 million km away from the Earth. That is why such a huge object looks like a ball in the sky.=Often things are not the way they look. The truth is that the Sun is much further away from the Earth than the clouds or even the moon. The Sun is about 150 million km away from the Earth. That is why such a huge object looks like a ball in the sky.
The earth revolves around the Sun. Do you know how   long it takes to come a full circle? Make a   hypothesis and then test it.=The Earth revolves around the Sun. Do you know how long it takes to come a full circle? Make a hypothesis and then test it.
a. 24 hours=a. 24 hours
b. A day and a night=b. A day and a night
c. A year=c. A year
Fine! Now test your hypothesis by making the earth move around the Sun and looking at the calendar=Fine! Now test your hypothesis by making the earth move around the Sun and looking at the calendar
GO=GO
Your hypothesis is not true. You observed that it takes much longer than one day for the Earth to make a revolution around the Sun. In fact the Earth makes a complete revolution around the Sun in one year, that is in 365 days=Your hypothesis is not true. You observed that it takes much longer than one day for the Earth to make a revolution around the Sun. In fact the Earth makes a complete revolution around the Sun in one year, that is in 365 days
Your hypothesis is true. As you observed the Earth makes a complete revolution around the Sun in 365 days, that is in one year.=Your hypothesis is true. As you observed the Earth makes a complete revolution around the Sun in 365 days, that is in one year.
You know that the Earth revolves around itself. Do   you know how long it takes to make a revolution around itself? Make a   hypothesis and then test it.=You know that the Earth revolves around itself. Do you know how long it takes to make a revolution around itself? Make a hypothesis and then test it.
a. One year=a. One year
b. 24 hours=b. 24 hours
c. 365 days=c. 365 days
Your hypothesis is not true. As the chronometer   showed, it takes 24 hours, that is one day and one night, for the Earth to   complete a revolution around itself.=Your hypothesis is not true. As the chronometer showed, it takes 24 hours, that is one day and one night, for the Earth to complete a revolution around itself.
Your hypothesis is true. As the chronometer showed, it takes 24   hours, that is one day and a night, for the Earth to complete a revolution   around itself.=Your hypothesis is true. As the chronometer showed, it takes 24 hours, that is one day and a night, for the Earth to complete a revolution around itself.
“Very well. Continue if you like”. It is day   January the 3rd in this country. Make it day, March the 23rd for this country.=Very well. Continue if you like. It is day January the 3rd in this country. Make it day, March the 23rd for this country.
“Very   well. Continue if you like”=It is night, January the 3rd in this country. Make it January 3rd, day for this country
It is day March the 23st in this country. Make it night   July the 3rd=It is day March the 23st in this country. Make it night July the 3rd
Very well. Continue if you like”. It is night   July the 3d in this country. Make it day    September the 23d.=Very well. Continue if you like. It is night July the 3d in this country. Make it day September the 23d.
Excellent. You know very well how day and night   come. It is day for the side of the Earth that is illuminated from the Sun. But   as the Earth revolves around itself this side is not illuminated anymore and night   comes. Imagine that if the Earth stopped revolving around itself some places   would have always day, while others would have night all the time.=Excellent. You know very well how day and night come. It is day for the side of the Earth that is illuminated from the Sun. But as the Earth revolves around itself this side is not illuminated anymore and night comes. Imagine that if the Earth stopped revolving around itself some places would have always day, while others would have night all the time.
Scenario 3=Scenario 3
English=English
SCENARIO 3: GRAVITY=SCENARIO 3: GRAVITY
(Scene A) The effect of gravity on a satellite: The force of gravity becomes zero=The effect of gravity on a satellite: The force of gravity becomes zero
(Scene B) The effect of velocity on satellite’s orbit: The velocity becomes zero=The effect of velocity on satellite’s orbit: The velocity becomes zero
(Scene C) Orbit and velocity=Orbit and velocity
View from the satellite on/off=View from the satellite on/off
Gravity on/off=Gravity off
Remember that the force of gravity attracts the   satellite and makes it revolve around the Earth. What would happen to the satellite   if the force of gravity stopped? Make a hypothesis and test it.=Remember that the force of gravity attracts the satellite and makes it revolve around the Earth. What would happen to the satellite if the force of gravity stopped? Make a hypothesis and test it.
1.The satellite would fall on the earth=1.The satellite would fall on the earth
2.The satellite would continue moving on a straight line=2.The satellite would continue moving on a straight line
3. The satellite would fall down=3. The satellite would fall down
4.The satellite would continue   moving on a curved line=4.The satellite would continue moving on a curved line
Fine. Now test your hypothesis: Put the gravity off   and watch the result.=Fine. Now test your hypothesis: Put the gravity off and watch the result.
Your hypothesis is not true. If we could stop the   force of gravity, the satellite would continue moving on a straight line. This   would happen because there would be nothing to change its motion.=Your hypothesis is not true. If we could stop the force of gravity, the satellite would continue moving on a straight line. This would happen because there would be nothing to change its motion.
Excellent! Your hypothesis is true. If we could   stop the force of gravity, the satellite would continue moving on a straight   line, because there would be nothing to change its motion.=Excellent! Your hypothesis is true. If we could stop the force of gravity, the satellite would continue moving on a straight line, because there would be nothing to change its motion.
You can see the earth as if you were in the satellite.   Put gravity off at different points and watch from the window of the satellite.=You can see the earth as if you were in the satellite. Put gravity off at different points and watch from the window of the satellite.
velocity on/off=Velocity off
Remember that the satellite revolves around the   Earth with a certain velocity. What would happen to the satellite if, for some   reason, the satellite stopped? Make a hypothesis and test it.=Remember that the satellite revolves around the Earth with a certain velocity. What would happen to the satellite if, for some reason, the satellite stopped? Make a hypothesis and test it.
1.The satellite would fall on the earth=1.The satellite would fall on the earth
2.The satellite would continue moving on a straight line=2.The satellite would continue moving on a straight line
3.The satellite would fall down=3.The satellite would fall down
4.The satellite would continue moving on a curved line=4.The satellite would continue moving on a curved line
5.The satellite would stay at this point away from the earth=5.The satellite would stay at this point away from the earth
Fine. Now test your hypothesis: Put the velocity off   and watch the result.=Fine. Now test your hypothesis: Put the velocity off and watch the result.
Your hypothesis is not true. The force of gravity   still attracts the satellite even if the satellite stops. That is why the   satellite falls towards the center of the earth.=Your hypothesis is not true. The force of gravity still attracts the satellite even if the satellite stops. That is why the satellite falls towards the center of the earth.
Excellent! Your hypothesis proved true. If the   satellite stops, then the force of gravity would attract (pull) it towards the   center of the earth.=Excellent! Your hypothesis proved true. If the satellite stops, then the force of gravity would attract (pull) it towards the center of the earth.
The hero of our fairy tale said to the engineer of the ship that even if the satellite was above the “down side” of the Earth, and stopped for some reason, it would move towards the Earth and it would fall on the ground οn the same side”. Can you test his hypothesis? Is it true? Look from the window of the satellite.=The hero of our fairy tale said to the engineer of the ship that even if the satellite was above the “down side” of the Earth, and stopped for some reason, it would move towards the Earth and it would fall on the ground οn the same side”. Can you test his hypothesis? Is it true? Look from the window of the satellite.
You can see that the satellite would fall on the “down   side” of the Earth. Yiannis was right! It seems strange to us but in this case   to “fall down” means to move upwards. Remember that always to fall “down” means   to move towards the center of the Εarth, due to earth’s attraction. And to go   “up” means to move away from the Εarth.=You can see that the satellite would fall on the “down side” of the Earth. Yiannis was right! It seems strange to us but in this case to “fall down” means to move upwards. Remember that always to fall “down” means to move towards the center of the Εarth, due to earth’s attraction. And to go “up” means to move away from the Εarth.
satellite velocity=satellite velocity
Put the satellite on an orbit around the Earth.   Choose the right velocity for each orbit.=Put the satellite on an orbit around the Earth. Choose the right velocity for each orbit.
Now that you have put the satellite on the three different orbits , can you tell which of the following is true:= Now that you have put the satellite on the three different orbits , can you tell which of the following is true:
1.  The closer to the earth the orbit, the greater its velocity should be=1.  The closer to the earth the orbit, the greater its velocity should be
2.  The  closer to the earth the orbit, the less its velocity should be =2.  The closer to the earth the orbit, the less its velocity should be 
3.  A satellite can move on any orbit regardless its velocity=3.  A satellite can move on any orbit regardless its velocity
Excellent! The closer to the earth, the greater is the force of gravity with which the earth attracts the satellite. Therefore, the satellite must move faster in order not to fall on the earth. =Excellent! The closer to the earth, the greater is the force of gravity with which the earth attracts the satellite. Therefore, the satellite must move faster in order not to fall on the earth. 
Not really! Try again and you find out that the closer to the earth the satellite is, the greater its velocity should be. And here is the reason: You know that the closer to the earth, the greater is the force of gravity with which the earth attracts the satellite. Therefore, the satellite must move faster in order not to fall on the earth.=Not really! Try again and you find out that the closer to the earth the satellite is, the greater its velocity should be. And here is the reason: You know that the closer to the earth, the greater is the force of gravity with which the earth attracts the satellite. Therefore, the satellite must move faster in order not to fall on the earth.
Try the first orbit=Try the first orbit
Try the second orbit=Try the second orbit
Try the third orbit=Try the third orbit
Set the speed and select orbit=Set the speed and select orbit

Fine! Now put the three small and light objects on the sea to test your hypothesis.=Fine! Now put the three small and light objects on the sea to test your hypothesis.
Fine! Now put the two metal objects on the sea to test your hypothesis.=Fine! Now put the two metal objects on the sea to test your hypothesis.
Fine! Now put the two wooden objects on the sea to test your hypothesis=Fine! Now put the two wooden objects on the sea to test your hypothesis
Fine! Now put the two glass objects on the sea to test your hypothesis.=Fine! Now put the two glass objects on the sea to test your hypothesis.

This is a big and heavy object. Try all the small and light objects=This is a big and heavy object. Try all the small and light objects
This is not made of metal. Try all the objects which are made of metal=This is not made of metal. Try all the objects which are made of metal
This is not made of wood. Try all the objects which are made of wood=This is not made of wood. Try all the objects which are made of wood
This is not made of glass. Try all the objects which are made of glass=This is not made of glass. Try all the objects which are made of glass

Your experiment that only some small and light objects float while others sink. Your hypothesis was not proved. Try another hypothesis.=Your experiment showed that only some small and light objects float while others sink. Your hypothesis was not proved. Try another hypothesis.
Your experiment that the objects which are made of metal do not float. Your hypothesis was not proved. Try another hypothesis.=Your experiment showed that the objects which are made of metal do not float. Your hypothesis was not proved. Try another hypothesis.
Your experiment that the objects which are made of wood float no matter whether they are big and heavy or small and light. Your hypothesis was proved. Excellent!=Your experiment showed that the objects which are made of wood float no matter whether they are big and heavy or small and light. Your hypothesis was proved. Excellent!
Your experiment that the objects which are made of glass do not float. Your hypothesis was not proved. Try another hypothesis.=Your experiment showed that the objects which are made of glass do not float. Your hypothesis was not proved. Try another hypothesis.


Fine! Now make these objects hollow and put them on the sea to test your hypothesis=Fine! Now make these objects hollow and put them on the sea to test your hypothesis
Fine! Now make these objects curved and put them on the sea to test your hypothesis=Fine! Now make these objects curved and put them on the sea to test your hypothesis
Fine! Now make these objects solid and put them on the sea to test your hypothesis=Fine! Now make these objects solid and put them on the sea to test your hypothesis

Your experiment showed that the hollow object made of metal (or glass depending on the selected object) floats. Try another object=Your experiment showed that the hollow object made of metal (or glass depending on the selected object) floats. Try another object
Your experiment showed that the curved object made of metal (or glass depending on the selected object) floats. Try another object=Your experiment showed that the curved object made of metal (or glass depending on the selected object) floats. Try another object
Your experiment showed that the solid object made of metal (or glass depending on the selected object) floats. Try another object=Your experiment showed that the curved object made of metal (or glass depending on the selected object) floats. Try another object

Your experiment showed that all hollow objects float. Your hypothesis was proved. Perhaps another hypothesis is also true. Try another hypothesis=Your experiment showed that all hollow objects float. Your hypothesis was proved. Perhaps another hypothesis is also true. Try another hypothesis
Your experiment showed that all the curved objects float. Your hypothesis was proved. Perhaps another hypothesis is also true. Try another hypothesis=Your experiment showed that all the curved objects float. Your hypothesis was proved. Perhaps another hypothesis is also true. Try another hypothesis
Your experiment showed that all the solid objects sink. Your hypothesis was not proved. Perhaps another hypothesis is true. Try another hypothesis=Your experiment showed that all the solid objects sink. Your hypothesis was not proved. Perhaps another hypothesis is true. Try another hypothesis
You are almost right=You are almost right
Wood plank=Wooden plank
Wood door=Wooden door
Big metal plate=Big metal plate
Small metal plate=Small metal plate
Big glass=Big glass
Small glass=Small glass
SCAN THE PAGES OF THE BOOK=SCAN THE PAGES OF THE BOOK

Can you help Yiannis?=Can you help Yiannis?
Your previous experiment showed that these four objects do not float. What would happen If you change their shape? Is it possible to float? Make a hypothesis and then test it.=Your previous experiment showed that these four objects do not float. What would happen If you change their shape? Is it possible to float? Make a hypothesis and then test it.
a. 	Hollow objects float=a. 	Hollow objects float
b.	Curved objects float=b.	Curved objects float
c.	Solid objects float=c.	Solid objects float

It is day March the 21st in this country. Make it night July the 3rd. =It is day March the 23st in this country. Make it night July the 3rd. 

Put the satellite in an orbit around the Earth. Choose the right velocity for the first orbit=Put the satellite in an orbit around the Earth. Choose the right velocity for the first orbit
Choose the right velocity for the second orbit=Choose the right velocity for the second orbit
Choose the right velocity for the third orbit=Choose the right velocity for the third orbit

Put the satellite in an orbit around the Earth. Choose the right velocity for each orbit=Put the satellite in an orbit around the Earth. Choose the right velocity for each orbit

SAFETY WARNING=SAFETY WARNING
“We kindly remind you of the importance of parental supervision during using the app by little kids. Please be aware of physical hazards in the real world.=We kindly remind you of the importance of parental supervision during using the app by little kids. Please be aware of physical hazards in the real world.
START USING THE APP=START USING THE APP
1 orbit=1 orbit
2 orbit=2 orbit
3 orbit=3 orbit
velocity=velocity
